Self-Review Patterns: 
When requesting the AI to review itself and after each step, there was some consistent types of issues that kept coming up. In some of the CSS, some variables were reused for purposes they were not meant to perform. Also, there were times where CSS and JavaScript were both trying to change the same element which caused variable conflicts. With CSS, in the last review, the order of the CSS was not followed, so some CSS cancelled out another. Timers and JavaScript running too early was another issue. Most of the errors that were found and fixed were from CSS. Some errors that it missed was image pathing and navigation active status usage.

Browser Tool vs CLI Comparison: 
So far in this course, the past four weeks, building projects were developed by using Claude Code CLI. This week, I was adding a feature to an existing project not with Claude Code CLI, but with Claude’s Browser based tool. With week five assignment, I accidentally implemented the feature with Claude Code CLI instead of the browser tool, so I was able to see the differences of each platform adding my dark mode feature to my local golf shop website. I did notice that the browser tool was faster than the CLI, but the CLI did have less error run-ins (I believe). I think the browser tool is better if users want to work faster, but the CLI is better for less error usage. I did like that any changes made were automatically saved to the file in my local directory, whereas the browser tool I had to download each new file. 

When Would You Use Micro-Iteration + Self-Review: 
The best use case of micro-iteration and self-review is when you have a project that is intricate and/or a large project. Using micro-iterations helps prevent major errors down the line. Users can skip that process when a project is straightforward and simple. 

